Add a note that migration from Aligned with "book tokens" to Block is not supported (#2021)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-internals/store-formats.adoc

CREATE DATABASE blockdb OPTIONS {storeFormat: 'block'}
----

[[change-store-format]]
=== Changing the store format of existing databases

Starting from 5.23, `block` format is the recommended format for Enterprise Edition due to its superior performance and scalability.
It uses advanced data structures and inlining techniques to enhance data locality, which leads to better resource utilization.

> Therefore, it is highly-recommended that Enterprise Edition users migrate all databases to `block` format at their earliest convenience to ensure the best possible performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, it is highly recommended that Enterprise Edition users migrate all databases to `block` format at their earliest convenience to ensure the best possible performance.
```

Reviewer: It seems that 'highly recommended' is not an adjective here.

`block` format is the default format for new databases created in 5.23 and later, and is the default format for all databases in 5.26 and later.

> From 5.25 onwards, `block` format supports token names (including label, property key, and relationship type names) of any length up to the GQL identifier max length of 16,383 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From 5.25 onwards, the `block` format supports token names (including node labels, property keys, and relationship type names) of any length up to the GQL identifier max length of 16,383 characters.
```
